github-page/docs/guidelines/files_and_folders/naming_conventions.mdx, before:

---
slug: naming-convention
title: "Naming Convention"
authors: [unional]
tags: [file, folder, project, naming]
---

# Naming Convention

You **should** name your file and folder in `snake_case` instead of `camelCase` or `PascalCase`.

> Why?

Some file systems are case insensitive (yes, I'm tooking at you, Windows).
That means `ApiSpec == apispec == APISpec`.

To avoid confusion, `camelCase` and `PascalCase` should be avoided.
That leave us with `snake_case` or `kebab-case`.

The benefits of `snake_case` over `kebab-case` is that,
in most cases, operating system treats `snake_case` as a single word,
and treats `kebab-case` as a composed word.

For example, when you double click on a `kebab-case` string,
a single word will be selected (i.e. either `kebab` or `case` will be selected).

On the other hand, double click on a `snake_case` string will select the whole string.

The same goes to renaming.

That is why I'm now recommend `snake_case` over `kebab-case`,
eventhough `_` takes an additional pinky press to type.

## References

Another interesting take from [Straw Hat's ADRs][straw_hat_adr_file_convention].

[straw_hat_adr_file_convention]: https://straw-hat-team.github.io/adr/3122196229/README.html

Commit message:

fix: add sub-category rule

github-page/docs/guidelines/files_and_folders/naming_conventions.mdx, after:

---
slug: naming-convention
title: "Naming Convention"
authors: [unional]
tags: [file, folder, project, naming]
---

# Naming Convention

You **should** name your file and folder in `snake_case` instead of `camelCase` or `PascalCase`.

> Why?

Some file systems are case insensitive (yes, I'm tooking at you, Windows).
That means `ApiSpec == apispec == APISpec`.

To avoid confusion, `camelCase` and `PascalCase` should be avoided.
That leave us with `snake_case` or `kebab-case`.

The benefits of `snake_case` over `kebab-case` is that,
in most cases, operating system treats `snake_case` as a single word,
and treats `kebab-case` as a composed word.

For example, when you double click on a `kebab-case` string,
a single word will be selected (i.e. either `kebab` or `case` will be selected).

On the other hand, double click on a `snake_case` string will select the whole string.

The same goes to renaming.

That is why I'm now recommend `snake_case` over `kebab-case`,
eventhough `_` takes an additional pinky press to type.

You **can** use `.` to create sub-category on filenames.

> Why

The name of the file should describe WHAT the file is about,
in terms of its context or business value.

For example, `customer_order.ts`.

However, there are situations that you want to further organize the code into addition categories,
so that it is easy to visualize as well as controlling the exposed api.

For example, you can do this:

```sh
customer_order.ts
customer_order.ctx.ts # context code for dependency injection
customer_order.internal.ts # code that you use internally, but exported for your tests
customer_order.mock.ts # helper code for mocking the data during tests
customer_order.spec.ts # specification tests
customer_order.unit.ts # unit tests
customer_order.unit.electron.ts # unit tests only for electron
```



## References

Another interesting take from [Straw Hat's ADRs][straw_hat_adr_file_convention].

[straw_hat_adr_file_convention]: https://straw-hat-team.github.io/adr/3122196229/README.html
