pages/02-javascript-syntax/README.md, before:

# JavaScript Syntax

In this chapter,
we will focus on the syntax and keywords already exist in JavaScript.

## Topics

- [String](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/string.md)
- [Array](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/array.md)
- [Arrow Function](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/arrow-function.md)
- [Async Await](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/async-await.md)
- [Class](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/class.md)
- [Decorator](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/decorator.md)
- [Default Parameters](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/default-parameters.md)
- [Error](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/error.md)
- [Import Export](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/import-export.md)
- [Object Descructuring](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/object-destructuring.md)
- [Object Literal](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/object-literal.md)
- [Property Accessor](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/property-accessor.md)
- [Variable Assignment](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/variable-assignment.md)
- [Variable Declaration](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/variable-declaration.md)

Commit message:

Update README to latest style. (#26)
Remove tslint and "use ts as a gradual type system"

Fix some lint issue

Add a few more entries to string.

pages/02-javascript-syntax/README.md, after:

# JavaScript Syntax

In this chapter,
I will go over syntax and keywords already exist in JavaScript,
and how to work with them in TypeScript environment.

## Topics

- [String](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/string.md)
- [Array](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/array.md)
- [Arrow Function](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/arrow-function.md)
- [Async Await](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/async-await.md)
- [Class](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/class.md)
- [Decorator](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/decorator.md)
- [Default Parameters](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/default-parameters.md)
- [Error](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/error.md)
- [Import Export](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/import-export.md)
- [Object Descructuring](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/object-destructuring.md)
- [Object Literal](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/object-literal.md)
- [Property Accessor](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/property-accessor.md)
- [Variable Assignment](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/variable-assignment.md)
- [Variable Declaration](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/variable-declaration.md)
