README.md, before:

# Typescript Guidebook

Welcome to the TypeScript Guidebook.

This guidebook suppliments the official [TypeScript Handbook](http://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html) while focusing on *how to get the most out of TypeScript with minimal effort*.

It will cover anything and everything you need when writing TypeScript, from how to use the language, to coding style and any tool that may be useful.

## Highlights

- Stay true to JavaScript
- Use TypeScript as a gradual type system on top of JavaScript.
- Focus on code efficiency
- Focus on tool compatibility
  - IDE / Editors
    - [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode)
    - [Atom](https://atom.io/)
    - [WebStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/)
  - Linter
    - [tslint](https://github.com/palantir/tslint)

## Watch this repo

I'll periodically update this repo.
You can click the watch button if you want to be notified.

## Disclaimer

Recently I do most of my work in VS Code.
So if you find that some of the guidelines doesn't work well in your IDE,
let me know and we can see how to get it working on your IDE.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](/pages/01-introduction/README.md)
  - [What is TypeScript](/pages/01-introduction/what-is-typescript.md)
  - [TypeScript Resources](/pages/01-introduction/typescript-resources.md)
- [JavaScript Syntax](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/README.md)
  - [Array](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/array.md)
  - [Arrow Function](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/arrow-function.md)
  - [Async Await](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/async-await.md)
  - [Class](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/class.md)
  - [Decorator](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/decorator.md)
  - [Default Parameters](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/default-parameters.md)
  - [Error](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/error.md)
  - [Import Export](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/import-export.md)
  - [Object Descructuring](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/object-destructuring.md)
  - [Object Literal](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/object-literal.md)
  - [Property Accessor](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/property-accessor.md)
  - [Variable Assignment](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/variable-assignment.md)
  - [Variable Declaration](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/variable-declaration.md)
- [TypeScript Syntax](/pages/03-typescript-syntax/README.md)
  - [Basic Types](/pages/03-typescript-syntx/basic-types.md)
  - [Interfaces](/pages/03-typescript-syntax/interfaces.md)
  - [Type Assertion](/pages/03-typescript-syntax/type-assertion.md)
  - [Modules](/pages/03-typescript-syntax/modules.md)
- [Files and Projects](/pages/06-files-and-projects/README.md)
  - [Compiler Options](/pages/06-files-and-projects/compiler-options.md)
  - [Files](/pages/06-files-and-projects/file-types.md)
  - [Code Organization](/pages/06-files-and-projects/code-organization.md)
  - [tsconfig.json](/pages/06-files-and-projects/tsconfig.md)
  - [package.json](/pages/06-files-and-projects/package.json.md)
  - [Converting from JavaScript](/pages/06-files-and-projects/converting-from-javascript.md)
- Coding Practice
  - [Testing](pages/default/testing.md)
- [Typings](pages/typings/README.md)
  - [Functions](pages/typings/functions.md)
  - [Overloading](pages/typings/overloading.md)
  - [Namespaces and Modules](pages/typings/namespaces-and-modules.md)
  - [Shape of typings](pages/typings/shape-of-typings.md)
  - [tslint configuration](pages/typings/tslint.md)
- Tooling
  - [tslint.json](pages/default/tslint.md)
- **draft** [File structures](pages/default/draft/file-structures.md)
- **draft** [Types](pages/default/draft/types.md)
- **draft** [Objects](pages/default/draft/objects.md)
- **draft** [Destructuring](pages/default/draft/destructuring.md)
- **draft** [Strings](pages/default/draft/strings.md)
- **draft** [Functions](pages/default/draft/functions.md)
- **draft** [Control statements](pages/default/draft/control-statements.md)
- **draft** [Modules](pages/default/draft/modules.md)
- **draft** [Iterators and Generators](pages/default/draft/iterators-and-generators.md)
- **draft** [Properties](pages/default/draft/properties.md)
- **draft** [Variables](pages/default/draft/variables.md)
- **draft** [Hoisting](pages/default/draft/hoisting.md)
- **draft** [Comparison Operators & Equality](pages/default/draft/comparison-operators-and-equality.md)
- **draft** [Blocks](pages/default/draft/blocks.md)
- **draft** [Comments](pages/default/draft/comments.md)
- **draft** [Whitespaces](pages/default/draft/whitespaces.md)
- **draft** [Commas](pages/default/draft/commas.md)
- **draft** [Semicolons](pages/default/draft/semicolons.md)
- **draft** [Type Casting & Coercion](pages/default/draft/type-casting-and-coercion.md)
- **draft** [Naming Conventions](pages/default/draft/naming-conventions.md)
- **draft** [Events](pages/default/draft/events.md)
- **draft** [ECMAScript 6 Styles](pages/default/draft/es2015.md)

## Contributing

- Follow the [`markdown style guide`](pages/markdown.md)
- Each section heading should be neutral, e.g. "`var` keyword" instead of "avoid `var`"

> Why?
>
> The heading would be used as link.
> If the style guide suggestion changes,
> keeping the heading neutral would avoid broken links.

Commit message:

Update contributing guide
and add `yarn lint`.

Not adding CI yet because still need to clean up the lints.

README.md, after:

# Typescript Guidebook

Welcome to the TypeScript Guidebook.

This guidebook suppliments the official [TypeScript Handbook](http://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html) while focusing on *how to get the most out of TypeScript with minimal effort*.

It will cover anything and everything you need when writing TypeScript, from how to use the language, to coding style and any tool that may be useful.

## Highlights

- Stay true to JavaScript
- Use TypeScript as a gradual type system on top of JavaScript.
- Focus on code efficiency
- Focus on tool compatibility
  - IDE / Editors
    - [Visual Studio Code](https://github.com/Microsoft/vscode)
    - [Atom](https://atom.io/)
    - [WebStorm](https://www.jetbrains.com/webstorm/)
  - Linter
    - [tslint](https://github.com/palantir/tslint)

## Watch this repo

I'll periodically update this repo.
You can click the watch button if you want to be notified.

## Disclaimer

Recently I do most of my work in VS Code.
So if you find that some of the guidelines doesn't work well in your IDE,
let me know and we can see how to get it working on your IDE.

## Table of Contents

- [Introduction](/pages/01-introduction/README.md)
  - [What is TypeScript](/pages/01-introduction/what-is-typescript.md)
  - [TypeScript Resources](/pages/01-introduction/typescript-resources.md)
- [JavaScript Syntax](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/README.md)
  - [Array](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/array.md)
  - [Arrow Function](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/arrow-function.md)
  - [Async Await](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/async-await.md)
  - [Class](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/class.md)
  - [Decorator](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/decorator.md)
  - [Default Parameters](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/default-parameters.md)
  - [Error](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/error.md)
  - [Import Export](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/import-export.md)
  - [Object Descructuring](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/object-destructuring.md)
  - [Object Literal](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/object-literal.md)
  - [Property Accessor](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/property-accessor.md)
  - [Variable Assignment](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/variable-assignment.md)
  - [Variable Declaration](/pages/02-javascript-syntax/variable-declaration.md)
- [TypeScript Syntax](/pages/03-typescript-syntax/README.md)
  - [Basic Types](/pages/03-typescript-syntx/basic-types.md)
  - [Interfaces](/pages/03-typescript-syntax/interfaces.md)
  - [Type Assertion](/pages/03-typescript-syntax/type-assertion.md)
  - [Modules](/pages/03-typescript-syntax/modules.md)
- [Files and Projects](/pages/06-files-and-projects/README.md)
  - [Compiler Options](/pages/06-files-and-projects/compiler-options.md)
  - [Files](/pages/06-files-and-projects/file-types.md)
  - [Code Organization](/pages/06-files-and-projects/code-organization.md)
  - [tsconfig.json](/pages/06-files-and-projects/tsconfig.md)
  - [package.json](/pages/06-files-and-projects/package.json.md)
  - [Converting from JavaScript](/pages/06-files-and-projects/converting-from-javascript.md)
- Coding Practice
  - [Testing](pages/default/testing.md)
- [Typings](pages/typings/README.md)
  - [Functions](pages/typings/functions.md)
  - [Overloading](pages/typings/overloading.md)
  - [Namespaces and Modules](pages/typings/namespaces-and-modules.md)
  - [Shape of typings](pages/typings/shape-of-typings.md)
  - [tslint configuration](pages/typings/tslint.md)
- Tooling
  - [tslint.json](pages/default/tslint.md)
- **draft** [File structures](pages/default/draft/file-structures.md)
- **draft** [Types](pages/default/draft/types.md)
- **draft** [Objects](pages/default/draft/objects.md)
- **draft** [Destructuring](pages/default/draft/destructuring.md)
- **draft** [Strings](pages/default/draft/strings.md)
- **draft** [Functions](pages/default/draft/functions.md)
- **draft** [Control statements](pages/default/draft/control-statements.md)
- **draft** [Modules](pages/default/draft/modules.md)
- **draft** [Iterators and Generators](pages/default/draft/iterators-and-generators.md)
- **draft** [Properties](pages/default/draft/properties.md)
- **draft** [Variables](pages/default/draft/variables.md)
- **draft** [Hoisting](pages/default/draft/hoisting.md)
- **draft** [Comparison Operators & Equality](pages/default/draft/comparison-operators-and-equality.md)
- **draft** [Blocks](pages/default/draft/blocks.md)
- **draft** [Comments](pages/default/draft/comments.md)
- **draft** [Whitespaces](pages/default/draft/whitespaces.md)
- **draft** [Commas](pages/default/draft/commas.md)
- **draft** [Semicolons](pages/default/draft/semicolons.md)
- **draft** [Type Casting & Coercion](pages/default/draft/type-casting-and-coercion.md)
- **draft** [Naming Conventions](pages/default/draft/naming-conventions.md)
- **draft** [Events](pages/default/draft/events.md)
- **draft** [ECMAScript 6 Styles](pages/default/draft/es2015.md)

## Contributing

Interested in helping to make this guideline more useful to everyone? Great 🌷.

You can check out this [contributing guide](/CONTRIBUTING.md) to get you get familiar with the convention we use here.
