pages/04-typescript-syntax/tuple-type.md, before:

# Tuple Type

Introduced in: TypeScript 1.3

[Tuple Type](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html#tuple) allows you to express an array with different types for different elements.

## Variadic Tuple Types

Introduced in: [TypeScript 4.0](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-4-0/#variadic-tuple-types)

Variadic tuple types refers to typing tuple types with variable length.

```ts file=../../examples/tuple/standard/variadic.ts
function tail<T extends any[]>(arr: readonly [any, ...T]): T {
  const [_ignored, ...rest] = arr;
  return rest;
}

type Strings = [string, string];
type Numbers = [number, number];

// [string, string, number, number, boolean]
type StrStrNumNumBool = [...Strings, ...Numbers, boolean];
```

## Declare from Constant

Introduced in: [TypeScript 3.4](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-3-4.html#const-assertions)

If the tuple can be initialized at declaration,
you **should** use `as const` to declare the type.

```ts file=../../examples/tuple/standard/as-const.ts
const obj = { a: 1 }

// [1, 2, { a: 1 }]
const tupleConst = [1, 2, obj] as const
```

Commit message:

fix: add note for tuple
why it is different then the handbook

pages/04-typescript-syntax/tuple-type.md, after:

# Tuple Type

Introduced in: TypeScript 1.3

[Tuple Type](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/basic-types.html#tuple) allows you to express an array with different types for different elements.

Note that this describe is slightly different then the description in the handbook.
With variadic tuple type support in TypeScript 4.0,
we can now descrie tuple types with variable length.

## Variadic Tuple Types

Introduced in: [TypeScript 4.0](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/typescript/announcing-typescript-4-0/#variadic-tuple-types)

Variadic tuple types refers to typing tuple types with variable length.

✔️ good

```ts file=../../examples/tuple/standard/variadic.ts
function tail<T extends any[]>(arr: readonly [any, ...T]): T {
  const [_ignored, ...rest] = arr;
  return rest;
}

type Strings = [string, string];
type Numbers = [number, number];

// [string, string, number, number, boolean]
type StrStrNumNumBool = [...Strings, ...Numbers, boolean];
```

## Declare from Constant

Introduced in: [TypeScript 3.4](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-3-4.html#const-assertions)

If the tuple can be initialized at declaration,
you **should** use `as const` to declare the type.

✔️ good

```ts file=../../examples/tuple/standard/as-const.ts
const obj = { a: 1 }

// [1, 2, { a: 1 }]
const tupleConst = [1, 2, obj] as const
```
